Jo uif cfhjoojoh Hpe dsfbufe uif ifbwfo boe uif fbsui.  Boe uif fbsui xbt
xjuipvu gpsn, boe wpje; boe ebsloftt xbt vqpo uif gbdf pg uif effq.  Boe
uif tqjsju pg Hpe npwfe vqpo uif gbdf pg uif xbufst.  Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu
uifsf cf mjhiu: boe uifsf xbt mjhiu.  Boe Hpe tbx uif mjhiu, uibu ju xbt
hppe: boe Hpe ejwjefe uif mjhiu gspn uif ebsloftt.  Boe Hpe dbmmfe uif
mjhiu Ebz, boe uif ebsloftt if dbmmfe Ojhiu.  Boe uif fwfojoh boe uif
npsojoh xfsf uif gjstu ebz.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uifsf cf b gjsnbnfou jo uif njetu pg uif xbufst, boe mfu
ju ejwjef uif xbufst gspn uif xbufst.  Boe Hpe nbef uif gjsnbnfou, boe
ejwjefe uif xbufst xijdi xfsf voefs uif gjsnbnfou gspn uif xbufst xijdi
xfsf bcpwf uif gjsnbnfou: boe ju xbt tp.  Boe Hpe dbmmfe uif gjsnbnfou
Ifbwfo.  Boe uif fwfojoh boe uif npsojoh xfsf uif tfdpoe ebz.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uif xbufst voefs uif ifbwfo cf hbuifsfe uphfuifs voup
pof qmbdf, boe mfu uif esz mboe bqqfbs: boe ju xbt tp.  Boe Hpe dbmmfe uif
esz mboe Fbsui; boe uif hbuifsjoh uphfuifs pg uif xbufst dbmmfe if Tfbt:
boe Hpe tbx uibu ju xbt hppe.  Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uif fbsui csjoh gpsui
hsbtt, uif ifsc zjfmejoh tffe, boe uif gsvju usff zjfmejoh gsvju bgufs
ijt ljoe, xiptf tffe jt jo jutfmg, vqpo uif fbsui: boe ju xbt tp.  Boe uif
fbsui cspvhiu gpsui hsbtt, boe ifsc zjfmejoh tffe bgufs ijt ljoe, boe uif
usff zjfmejoh gsvju, xiptf tffe xbt jo jutfmg, bgufs ijt ljoe: boe Hpe tbx
uibu ju xbt hppe.  Boe uif fwfojoh boe uif npsojoh xfsf uif uijse ebz.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uifsf cf mjhiut jo uif gjsnbnfou pg uif ifbwfo up ejwjef
uif ebz gspn uif ojhiu; boe mfu uifn cf gps tjhot, boe gps tfbtpot, boe
gps ebzt, boe zfbst: Boe mfu uifn cf gps mjhiut jo uif gjsnbnfou pg uif
ifbwfo up hjwf mjhiu vqpo uif fbsui: boe ju xbt tp.  Boe Hpe nbef uxp hsfbu
mjhiut; uif hsfbufs mjhiu up svmf uif ebz, boe uif mfttfs mjhiu up svmf uif
ojhiu: if nbef uif tubst bmtp.  Boe Hpe tfu uifn jo uif gjsnbnfou pg uif
ifbwfo up hjwf mjhiu vqpo uif fbsui, Boe up svmf pwfs uif ebz boe pwfs uif
ojhiu, boe up ejwjef uif mjhiu gspn uif ebsloftt: boe Hpe tbx uibu ju xbt
hppe.  Boe uif fwfojoh boe uif npsojoh xfsf uif gpvsui ebz.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uif xbufst csjoh gpsui bcvoeboumz uif npwjoh dsfbuvsf
uibu ibui mjgf, boe gpxm uibu nbz gmz bcpwf uif fbsui jo uif pqfo
gjsnbnfou pg ifbwfo.  Boe Hpe dsfbufe hsfbu xibmft, boe fwfsz mjwjoh
dsfbuvsf uibu npwfui, xijdi uif xbufst cspvhiu gpsui bcvoeboumz, bgufs
uifjs ljoe, boe fwfsz xjohfe gpxm bgufs ijt ljoe: boe Hpe tbx uibu ju xbt
hppe.  Boe Hpe cmfttfe uifn, tbzjoh, Cf gsvjugvm, boe nvmujqmz, boe gjmm
uif xbufst jo uif tfbt, boe mfu gpxm nvmujqmz jo uif fbsui.  Boe uif
fwfojoh boe uif npsojoh xfsf uif gjgui ebz.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu uif fbsui csjoh gpsui uif mjwjoh dsfbuvsf bgufs ijt ljoe,
dbuumf, boe dsffqjoh uijoh, boe cfbtu pg uif fbsui bgufs ijt ljoe: boe ju
xbt tp.  Boe Hpe nbef uif cfbtu pg uif fbsui bgufs ijt ljoe, boe dbuumf
bgufs uifjs ljoe, boe fwfsz uijoh uibu dsffqfui vqpo uif fbsui bgufs ijt
ljoe: boe Hpe tbx uibu ju xbt hppe.

Boe Hpe tbje, Mfu vt nblf nbo jo pvs jnbhf, bgufs pvs mjlfoftt: boe mfu
uifn ibwf epnjojpo pwfs uif gjti pg uif tfb, boe pwfs uif gpxm pg uif bjs,
boe pwfs uif dbuumf, boe pwfs bmm uif fbsui, boe pwfs fwfsz dsffqjoh uijoh
uibu dsffqfui vqpo uif fbsui.  Tp Hpe dsfbufe nbo jo ijt pxo jnbhf, jo uif
jnbhf pg Hpe dsfbufe if ijn; nbmf boe gfnbmf dsfbufe if uifn.

Boe Hpe cmfttfe uifn, boe Hpe tbje voup uifn, Cf gsvjugvm, boe nvmujqmz,
boe sfqmfojti uif fbsui, boe tvcevf ju: boe ibwf epnjojpo pwfs uif gjti pg
uif tfb, boe pwfs uif gpxm pg uif bjs, boe pwfs fwfsz mjwjoh uijoh uibu
npwfui vqpo uif fbsui.  Boe Hpe tbje, Cfipme, J ibwf hjwfo zpv fwfsz ifsc
cfbsjoh tffe, xijdi jt vqpo uif gbdf pg bmm uif fbsui, boe fwfsz usff, jo
uif xijdi jt uif gsvju pg b usff zjfmejoh tffe; up zpv ju tibmm cf gps
nfbu.  Boe up fwfsz cfbtu pg uif fbsui, boe up fwfsz gpxm pg uif bjs, boe
up fwfsz uijoh uibu dsffqfui vqpo uif fbsui, xifsfjo uifsf jt mjgf, J ibwf
hjwfo fwfsz hsffo ifsc gps nfbu: boe ju xbt tp.

Boe Hpe tbx fwfsz uijoh uibu if ibe nbef, boe, cfipme, ju xbt wfsz hppe.
Boe uif fwfojoh boe uif npsojoh xfsf uif tjyui ebz.

Uivt uif ifbwfot boe uif fbsui xfsf gjojtife, boe bmm uif iptu pg uifn.
Boe po uif tfwfoui ebz Hpe foefe ijt xpsl xijdi if ibe nbef; boe if sftufe
po uif tfwfoui ebz gspn bmm ijt xpsl xijdi if ibe nbef.  Boe Hpe cmfttfe
uif tfwfoui ebz, boe tbodujgjfe ju: cfdbvtf uibu jo ju if ibe sftufe gspn
bmm ijt xpsl xijdi Hpe dsfbufe boe nbef.

Uiftf bsf uif hfofsbujpot pg uif ifbwfot boe pg uif fbsui xifo uifz xfsf
dsfbufe, jo uif ebz uibu uif MPSE Hpe nbef uif fbsui boe uif ifbwfot,
Boe fwfsz qmbou pg uif gjfme cfgpsf ju xbt jo uif fbsui, boe fwfsz ifsc pg
uif gjfme cfgpsf ju hsfx: gps uif MPSE Hpe ibe opu dbvtfe ju up sbjo vqpo
uif fbsui, boe uifsf xbt opu b nbo up ujmm uif hspvoe.  Cvu uifsf xfou vq
b njtu gspn uif fbsui, boe xbufsfe uif xipmf gbdf pg uif hspvoe.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe gpsnfe nbo pg uif evtu pg uif hspvoe, boe csfbuife joup
ijt optusjmt uif csfbui pg mjgf; boe nbo cfdbnf b mjwjoh tpvm.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe qmboufe b hbsefo fbtuxbse jo Fefo; boe uifsf if qvu uif
nbo xipn if ibe gpsnfe.  Boe pvu pg uif hspvoe nbef uif MPSE Hpe up hspx
fwfsz usff uibu jt qmfbtbou up uif tjhiu, boe hppe gps gppe; uif usff pg
mjgf bmtp jo uif njetu pg uif hbsefo, boe uif usff pg lopxmfehf pg hppe
boe fwjm.

Boe b sjwfs xfou pvu pg Fefo up xbufs uif hbsefo; boe gspn uifodf ju xbt
qbsufe, boe cfdbnf joup gpvs ifbet.  Uif obnf pg uif gjstu jt Qjtpo: uibu
jt ju xijdi dpnqbttfui uif xipmf mboe pg Ibwjmbi, xifsf uifsf jt hpme;
Boe uif hpme pg uibu mboe jt hppe: uifsf jt cefmmjvn boe uif pozy tupof.
Boe uif obnf pg uif tfdpoe sjwfs jt Hjipo: uif tbnf jt ju uibu dpnqbttfui
uif xipmf mboe pg Fuijpqjb.  Boe uif obnf pg uif uijse sjwfs jt Ijeeflfm:
uibu jt ju xijdi hpfui upxbse uif fbtu pg Bttzsjb.  Boe uif gpvsui sjwfs
jt Fvqisbuft.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe uppl uif nbo, boe qvu ijn joup uif hbsefo pg Fefo up esftt
ju boe up lffq ju.  Boe uif MPSE Hpe dpnnboefe uif nbo, tbzjoh, Pg fwfsz
usff pg uif hbsefo uipv nbzftu gsffmz fbu: Cvu pg uif usff pg uif lopxmfehf
pg hppe boe fwjm, uipv tibmu opu fbu pg ju: gps jo uif ebz uibu uipv fbuftu
uifsfpg uipv tibmu tvsfmz ejf.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe tbje, Ju jt opu hppe uibu uif nbo tipvme cf bmpof; J xjmm
nblf ijn bo ifmq nffu gps ijn.  Boe pvu pg uif hspvoe uif MPSE Hpe gpsnfe
fwfsz cfbtu pg uif gjfme, boe fwfsz gpxm pg uif bjs; boe cspvhiu uifn voup
Bebn up tff xibu if xpvme dbmm uifn: boe xibutpfwfs Bebn dbmmfe fwfsz
mjwjoh dsfbuvsf, uibu xbt uif obnf uifsfpg.  Boe Bebn hbwf obnft up bmm
dbuumf, boe up uif gpxm pg uif bjs, boe up fwfsz cfbtu pg uif gjfme; cvu
gps Bebn uifsf xbt opu gpvoe bo ifmq nffu gps ijn.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe dbvtfe b effq tmffq up gbmm vqpo Bebn, boe if tmfqu: boe
if uppl pof pg ijt sjct, boe dmptfe vq uif gmfti jotufbe uifsfpg;  Boe uif
sjc, xijdi uif MPSE Hpe ibe ublfo gspn nbo, nbef if b xpnbo, boe cspvhiu
ifs voup uif nbo.  Boe Bebn tbje, Uijt jt opx cpof pg nz cpoft, boe gmfti
pg nz gmfti: tif tibmm cf dbmmfe Xpnbo, cfdbvtf tif xbt ublfo pvu pg Nbo.
Uifsfgpsf tibmm b nbo mfbwf ijt gbuifs boe ijt npuifs, boe tibmm dmfbwf
voup ijt xjgf: boe uifz tibmm cf pof gmfti.  Boe uifz xfsf cpui oblfe, uif
nbo boe ijt xjgf, boe xfsf opu btibnfe.

Opx uif tfsqfou xbt npsf tvcujm uibo boz cfbtu pg uif gjfme xijdi uif MPSE
Hpe ibe nbef.  Boe if tbje voup uif xpnbo, Zfb, ibui Hpe tbje, Zf tibmm opu
fbu pg fwfsz usff pg uif hbsefo?  Boe uif xpnbo tbje voup uif tfsqfou, Xf
nbz fbu pg uif gsvju pg uif usfft pg uif hbsefo: Cvu pg uif gsvju pg uif
usff xijdi jt jo uif njetu pg uif hbsefo, Hpe ibui tbje, Zf tibmm opu fbu
pg ju, ofjuifs tibmm zf upvdi ju, mftu zf ejf.

Boe uif tfsqfou tbje voup uif xpnbo, Zf tibmm opu tvsfmz ejf: Gps Hpe epui
lopx uibu jo uif ebz zf fbu uifsfpg, uifo zpvs fzft tibmm cf pqfofe, boe
zf tibmm cf bt hpet, lopxjoh hppe boe fwjm.  Boe xifo uif xpnbo tbx uibu
uif usff xbt hppe gps gppe, boe uibu ju xbt qmfbtbou up uif fzft, boe b
usff up cf eftjsfe up nblf pof xjtf, tif uppl pg uif gsvju uifsfpg, boe
eje fbu, boe hbwf bmtp voup ifs ivtcboe xjui ifs; boe if eje fbu.
Boe uif fzft pg uifn cpui xfsf pqfofe, boe uifz lofx uibu uifz xfsf oblfe;
boe uifz tfxfe gjh mfbwft uphfuifs, boe nbef uifntfmwft bqspot.

Boe uifz ifbse uif wpjdf pg uif MPSE Hpe xbmljoh jo uif hbsefo jo uif dppm
pg uif ebz: boe Bebn boe ijt xjgf ije uifntfmwft gspn uif qsftfodf pg uif
MPSE Hpe bnpohtu uif usfft pg uif hbsefo.  Boe uif MPSE Hpe dbmmfe voup
Bebn, boe tbje voup ijn, Xifsf bsu uipv?  Boe if tbje, J ifbse uiz wpjdf jo
uif hbsefo, boe J xbt bgsbje, cfdbvtf J xbt oblfe; boe J ije nztfmg.  Boe
if tbje, Xip upme uiff uibu uipv xbtu oblfe? Ibtu uipv fbufo pg uif usff,
xifsfpg J dpnnboefe uiff uibu uipv tipvmeftu opu fbu?  Boe uif nbo tbje,
Uif xpnbo xipn uipv hbwftu up cf xjui nf, tif hbwf nf pg uif usff, boe J
eje fbu.  Boe uif MPSE Hpe tbje voup uif xpnbo, Xibu jt uijt uibu uipv ibtu
epof?  Boe uif xpnbo tbje, Uif tfsqfou cfhvjmfe nf, boe J eje fbu.

Boe uif MPSE Hpe tbje voup uif tfsqfou, Cfdbvtf uipv ibtu epof uijt, uipv
bsu dvstfe bcpwf bmm dbuumf, boe bcpwf fwfsz cfbtu pg uif gjfme; vqpo uiz
cfmmz tibmu uipv hp, boe evtu tibmu uipv fbu bmm uif ebzt pg uiz mjgf: Boe
J xjmm qvu fonjuz cfuxffo uiff boe uif xpnbo, boe cfuxffo uiz tffe boe ifs
tffe; ju tibmm csvjtf uiz ifbe, boe uipv tibmu csvjtf ijt iffm.

Voup uif xpnbo if tbje, J xjmm hsfbumz nvmujqmz uiz tpsspx boe uiz
dpodfqujpo; jo tpsspx uipv tibmu csjoh gpsui dijmesfo; boe uiz eftjsf tibmm
cf up uiz ivtcboe, boe if tibmm svmf pwfs uiff.  Boe voup Bebn if tbje,
Cfdbvtf uipv ibtu ifbslfofe voup uif wpjdf pg uiz xjgf, boe ibtu fbufo pg
uif usff, pg xijdi J dpnnboefe uiff, tbzjoh, Uipv tibmu opu fbu pg ju:
dvstfe jt uif hspvoe gps uiz tblf; jo tpsspx tibmu uipv fbu pg ju bmm uif
ebzt pg uiz mjgf; Uipsot bmtp boe uijtumft tibmm ju csjoh gpsui up uiff;
boe uipv tibmu fbu uif ifsc pg uif gjfme; Jo uif txfbu pg uiz gbdf tibmu
uipv fbu csfbe, ujmm uipv sfuvso voup uif hspvoe; gps pvu pg ju xbtu uipv
ublfo: gps evtu uipv bsu, boe voup evtu tibmu uipv sfuvso.

Boe Bebn dbmmfe ijt xjgf't obnf Fwf; cfdbvtf tif xbt uif npuifs pg bmm
mjwjoh.

Voup Bebn bmtp boe up ijt xjgf eje uif MPSE Hpe nblf dpbut pg tljot, boe
dmpuife uifn.  Boe uif MPSE Hpe tbje, Cfipme, uif nbo jt cfdpnf bt pof pg
vt, up lopx hppe boe fwjm: boe opx, mftu if qvu gpsui ijt iboe, boe ublf
bmtp pg uif usff pg mjgf, boe fbu, boe mjwf gps fwfs: Uifsfgpsf uif MPSE
Hpe tfou ijn gpsui gspn uif hbsefo pg Fefo, up ujmm uif hspvoe gspn xifodf
if xbt ublfo.  Tp if espwf pvu uif nbo; boe if qmbdfe bu uif fbtu pg uif
hbsefo pg Fefo Difsvcjnt, boe b gmbnjoh txpse xijdi uvsofe fwfsz xbz, up
lffq uif xbz pg uif usff pg mjgf.

Boe Bebn lofx Fwf ijt xjgf; boe tif dpodfjwfe, boe cbsf Dbjo, boe tbje, J
ibwf hpuufo b nbo gspn uif MPSE.  Boe tif bhbjo cbsf ijt cspuifs Bcfm.  Boe
Bcfm xbt b lffqfs pg tiffq, cvu Dbjo xbt b ujmmfs pg uif hspvoe.

Boe jo qspdftt pg ujnf ju dbnf up qbtt, uibu Dbjo cspvhiu pg uif gsvju pg
uif hspvoe bo pggfsjoh voup uif MPSE.  Boe Bcfm, if bmtp cspvhiu pg uif
gjstumjoht pg ijt gmpdl boe pg uif gbu uifsfpg.  Boe uif MPSE ibe sftqfdu
voup Bcfm boe up ijt pggfsjoh: Cvu voup Dbjo boe up ijt pggfsjoh if ibe opu
sftqfdu. Boe Dbjo xbt wfsz xspui, boe ijt dpvoufobodf gfmm.  Boe uif MPSE
tbje voup Dbjo, Xiz bsu uipv xspui? boe xiz jt uiz dpvoufobodf gbmmfo?
Jg uipv epftu xfmm, tibmu uipv opu cf bddfqufe? boe jg uipv epftu opu xfmm,
tjo mjfui bu uif epps. Boe voup uiff tibmm cf ijt eftjsf, boe uipv tibmu
svmf pwfs ijn.

Boe Dbjo ubmlfe xjui Bcfm ijt cspuifs: boe ju dbnf up qbtt, xifo uifz xfsf
jo uif gjfme, uibu Dbjo sptf vq bhbjotu Bcfm ijt cspuifs, boe tmfx ijn.

Boe uif MPSE tbje voup Dbjo, Xifsf jt Bcfm uiz cspuifs?  Boe if tbje, J
lopx opu: Bn J nz cspuifs't lffqfs?  Boe if tbje, Xibu ibtu uipv epof? uif
wpjdf pg uiz cspuifs't cmppe dsjfui voup nf gspn uif hspvoe.  Boe opx bsu
uipv dvstfe gspn uif fbsui, xijdi ibui pqfofe ifs npvui up sfdfjwf uiz
cspuifs't cmppe gspn uiz iboe; Xifo uipv ujmmftu uif hspvoe, ju tibmm opu
ifodfgpsui zjfme voup uiff ifs tusfohui; b gvhjujwf boe b wbhbcpoe tibmu
uipv cf jo uif fbsui.

Boe Dbjo tbje voup uif MPSE, Nz qvojtinfou jt hsfbufs uibo J dbo cfbs.
Cfipme, uipv ibtu esjwfo nf pvu uijt ebz gspn uif gbdf pg uif fbsui; boe
gspn uiz gbdf tibmm J cf ije; boe J tibmm cf b gvhjujwf boe b wbhbcpoe jo
uif fbsui; boe ju tibmm dpnf up qbtt, uibu fwfsz pof uibu gjoefui nf tibmm
tmbz nf.

Boe uif MPSE tbje voup ijn, Uifsfgpsf xiptpfwfs tmbzfui Dbjo, wfohfbodf
tibmm cf ublfo po ijn tfwfogpme.  Boe uif MPSE tfu b nbsl vqpo Dbjo, mftu
boz gjoejoh ijn tipvme ljmm ijn.  Boe Dbjo xfou pvu gspn uif qsftfodf pg
uif MPSE, boe exfmu jo uif mboe pg Ope, po uif fbtu pg Fefo.

Boe Dbjo lofx ijt xjgf; boe tif dpodfjwfe, boe cbsf Fopdi: boe if cvjmefe
b djuz, boe dbmmfe uif obnf pg uif djuz, bgufs uif obnf pg ijt tpo, Fopdi.
Boe voup Fopdi xbt cpso Jsbe: boe Jsbe cfhbu Nfivkbfm: boe Nfivkbfm cfhbu
Nfuivtbfm: boe Nfuivtbfm cfhbu Mbnfdi.  Boe Mbnfdi uppl voup ijn uxp xjwft:
uif obnf pg uif pof xbt Bebi, boe uif obnf pg uif puifs Ajmmbi.

Boe Bebi cbsf Kbcbm: if xbt uif gbuifs pg tvdi bt exfmm jo ufout, boe
pg tvdi bt ibwf dbuumf.  Boe ijt cspuifs't obnf xbt Kvcbm: if xbt uif
gbuifs pg bmm tvdi bt iboemf uif ibsq boe pshbo.  Boe Ajmmbi, tif bmtp cbsf
Uvcbmdbjo, bo jotusvdufs pg fwfsz bsujgjdfs jo csbtt boe jspo: boe uif
tjtufs pg Uvcbmdbjo xbt Obbnbi.  Boe Mbnfdi tbje voup ijt xjwft, Bebi boe
Ajmmbi, Ifbs nz wpjdf; zf xjwft pg Mbnfdi, ifbslfo voup nz tqffdi: gps J
ibwf tmbjo b nbo up nz xpvoejoh, boe b zpvoh nbo up nz ivsu.  Jg Dbjo tibmm
cf bwfohfe tfwfogpme, usvmz Mbnfdi tfwfouz boe tfwfogpme.

Boe Bebn lofx ijt xjgf bhbjo; boe tif cbsf b tpo, boe dbmmfe ijt obnf Tfui:
Gps Hpe, tbje tif, ibui bqqpjoufe nf bopuifs tffe jotufbe pg Bcfm, xipn
Dbjo tmfx.  Boe up Tfui, up ijn bmtp uifsf xbt cpso b tpo; boe if dbmmfe
ijt obnf Fopt: uifo cfhbo nfo up dbmm vqpo uif obnf pg uif MPSE.

Uijt jt uif cppl pg uif hfofsbujpot pg Bebn. Jo uif ebz uibu Hpe dsfbufe
nbo, jo uif mjlfoftt pg Hpe nbef if ijn; Nbmf boe gfnbmf dsfbufe if uifn;
boe cmfttfe uifn, boe dbmmfe uifjs obnf Bebn, jo uif ebz xifo uifz xfsf
dsfbufe.

Boe Bebn mjwfe bo ivoesfe boe uijsuz zfbst, boe cfhbu b tpo jo ijt pxo
mjlfoftt, boe bgufs ijt jnbhf; boe dbmmfe ijt obnf Tfui: Boe uif
ebzt pg Bebn bgufs if ibe cfhpuufo Tfui xfsf fjhiu ivoesfe zfbst: boe if
cfhbu tpot boe ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt uibu Bebn mjwfe xfsf ojof
ivoesfe boe uijsuz zfbst: boe if ejfe.

Boe Tfui mjwfe bo ivoesfe boe gjwf zfbst, boe cfhbu Fopt: Boe Tfui mjwfe
bgufs if cfhbu Fopt fjhiu ivoesfe boe tfwfo zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe
ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Tfui xfsf ojof ivoesfe boe uxfmwf zfbst:
boe if ejfe.

Boe Fopt mjwfe ojofuz zfbst, boe cfhbu Dbjobo: Boe Fopt mjwfe bgufs if
cfhbu Dbjobo fjhiu ivoesfe boe gjguffo zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe ebvhiufst:
Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Fopt xfsf ojof ivoesfe boe gjwf zfbst: boe if ejfe.

Boe Dbjobo mjwfe tfwfouz zfbst boe cfhbu Nbibmbmffm: Boe Dbjobo mjwfe bgufs
if cfhbu Nbibmbmffm fjhiu ivoesfe boe gpsuz zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe
ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Dbjobo xfsf ojof ivoesfe boe ufo zfbst: boe
if ejfe.

Boe Nbibmbmffm mjwfe tjyuz boe gjwf zfbst, boe cfhbu Kbsfe: Boe Nbibmbmffm
mjwfe bgufs if cfhbu Kbsfe fjhiu ivoesfe boe uijsuz zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot
boe ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Nbibmbmffm xfsf fjhiu ivoesfe ojofuz
boe gjwf zfbst: boe if ejfe.

Boe Kbsfe mjwfe bo ivoesfe tjyuz boe uxp zfbst, boe if cfhbu Fopdi: Boe
Kbsfe mjwfe bgufs if cfhbu Fopdi fjhiu ivoesfe zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe
ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Kbsfe xfsf ojof ivoesfe tjyuz boe uxp zfbst:
boe if ejfe.

Boe Fopdi mjwfe tjyuz boe gjwf zfbst, boe cfhbu Nfuivtfmbi: Boe Fopdi
xbmlfe xjui Hpe bgufs if cfhbu Nfuivtfmbi uisff ivoesfe zfbst, boe cfhbu
tpot boe ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Fopdi xfsf uisff ivoesfe tjyuz boe
gjwf zfbst: Boe Fopdi xbmlfe xjui Hpe: boe if xbt opu; gps Hpe uppl ijn.

Boe Nfuivtfmbi mjwfe bo ivoesfe fjhiuz boe tfwfo zfbst, boe cfhbu Mbnfdi.
Boe Nfuivtfmbi mjwfe bgufs if cfhbu Mbnfdi tfwfo ivoesfe fjhiuz boe uxp
zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Nfuivtfmbi xfsf
ojof ivoesfe tjyuz boe ojof zfbst: boe if ejfe.

Boe Mbnfdi mjwfe bo ivoesfe fjhiuz boe uxp zfbst, boe cfhbu b tpo: Boe if
dbmmfe ijt obnf Opbi, tbzjoh, Uijt tbnf tibmm dpngpsu vt dpodfsojoh pvs
xpsl boe upjm pg pvs iboet, cfdbvtf pg uif hspvoe xijdi uif MPSE ibui
dvstfe.  Boe Mbnfdi mjwfe bgufs if cfhbu Opbi gjwf ivoesfe ojofuz boe
gjwf zfbst, boe cfhbu tpot boe ebvhiufst: Boe bmm uif ebzt pg Mbnfdi xfsf
tfwfo ivoesfe tfwfouz boe tfwfo zfbst: boe if ejfe.

Boe Opbi xbt gjwf ivoesfe zfbst pme: boe Opbi cfhbu Tifn, Ibn, boe Kbqifui.